Add active learning benchmarks (#8)
cleanlab/multiannotator-benchmarks: active_learning_benchmarks/README.md

# Benchmarking methods to select examples to relabel in active learning for data labeled by multiple annotators

> This repository benchmarks algorithms that compute an active learning score that quantifies how desirable and valuable it is to collect additional labels for examples in a dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository benchmarks algorithms to compute an active learning score that quantifies how valuable it is to collect additional labels for specific examples in a classification dataset. We consider settings with multiple data annotators such that each example can be labeled more than once, if needed to ensure high-quality consensus labels. 
```
